change of day
I am the sky of Jiang Cheng
Hahahaha what did he say
He dared to call the sky of Jiang Cheng
I've never seen anyone say such a big thing
My brother-in-law is a capable soldier of the president of the Black Tiger Society
He didn't even call himself God
What are you?
I suggest you get on your knees now
Apologize to me obediently.
I can also show you
Majestic
I'd like to see it
What can you do to me?
My brother-in-law has many tricks
I'll finish moving your clothes tonight
Then use a water gun hahahahaha
Great idea! Why didn't I think of that?
Any other ideas?
Remember to say there are many ideas
For example, we could use white paper.
Put your red on his face
Or we can hang him up
Head down, put his head in the water
I feel like myself now, brother-in-law
Hahahahaha
Good boy has a future
Brother-in-law is not in vain
What's the matter?
Are you afraid? You kneel down obediently now
Let's meet again
What do you want?
brother-in-law
Call me brother-in-law